let's play effing worms to congregate
sort of a variant on one of those eat
stuff and grow games developed by effing
games program Rob great artists 3d Lee
sound symphony
let's play a new game here you eat stuff
you grow nd profit and this game is all
controlled by the keyboard but you have
to use your mouse for certain stuff like
mostly menus so it's not quite keyboard
only I hate what stuff does that it's
like all the gameplay is fricking using
just the keyboard and then you introduce
the mouse for no reason
like Mouse is a supplement that's fine
but also if you haven't noticed you can
glide a little bit kind of makes this a
lot easier than when I was just trying
to cross in and out of the ground
fun fact the first time I tried to
record this video I had forgotten to
select a codec to record with and so it
was recording uncompressed
and rather than try and compress that 31
gigabyte single file I just decided
screw it I'll record again I'm not sure
if my last Camtasia recording did that
on me or not but I quite setup to use my
new PC quite yet though
I was wondering why the heck saving the
file was taking so long especially for
an SSD but
apparently it decided it needed to make
a 31 gigabyte file
[Music]
yeah not using uncompress anymore I was
using DivX that's what I used on my
laptop but it was giving me some major
lag which is weird because the CPU usage
wasn't at 100% for any of the cores so I
don't know why I was like at all but it
was so we are using technical text myths
own Kodak here
[Music]
we're going to find out what's wrong
with vivax later but you could tell this
game is slightly easy I pretty much
found the trick is you got to just go in
a straight line on the ground and you
pretty much win you got to avoid mines
[Applause]
that's about it and the evolution is
really nice you want these blood banks
those are freaking awesome you're gonna
see why in a second here the game is
pretty quick and
now there's a few good choices for
different stuff you can do like you can
make yourself nearly invincible and
really big worm but I prefer to e will
be fast and planes are gonna be your
main enemy here because those bombs oh
my god I'm dying the bombs and mines
really hurts you can get the reduced
mine damage but were to set ourselves on
fire instead that's way more awesome I
[Music]
prefer the build that makes you
ridiculously good on rampage and last
time I made a mistake in my build I
picked something at it for the like
after trying it out verda rectify that
mistake the blood the blood banks way
worth it because our eating cell is like
twice the range look how fast we go
through this stuff you want shredder
teeth the mouth tentacles sound enticing
but in actuality they don't help because
as long as you're on the rampage it
doesn't matter anyway
I'd read of eating a lot of mutton and
the harder levels and
if you're not gonna guilt by it like
this you take a lot more if you
well you die a lot faster which is not
cool so I definitely recommend the
current build I've got so far you might
want to go for the health instead of
speed at one
I don't know if that's a good idea
because I'm not sure if you can collide
quite like this here slower now this one
I'm just not sure about the mega jump is
really fun I think mega vacuum is gonna
be more helpful for us though oh I love
that sound effect but yeah unfortunately
we're already maxed out but now we get
sandbox mode
Oh SpaceX backhand last time you get an
extra chunk basically
I prefer that they could jump to this
vacuum
the mega jump you could go way up in the
sky and you could freakin
you could go up if there's flying
saucers you could eat was pretty awesome
this
it's just so hard to use I think it
would be a constant back you know
but with the blood banks this doesn't
even do anything
this is actually pretty lame as you
noticed we just keep your owing as heat
stomach
the game's easiness kinda comes to light
now we spend
crazy but you can keep growing and keep
getting ridiculously freakin fast really
freaking huge if you want
I'm not sure going to chastise Kristen
it's still it's it's fun
you'll get bored of the lower difficulty
miss but it's definitely worth the play
- just to see the the different
mutations are pretty one
though I prefer the all speed big mouth
and the Begich jump is definitely better
than the stupid back
look at that and so you've been doing
anything
shoulda got in the vacuum
the larger not the vacuum
let's go to the sky
but yeah being able to stay level like
this due to glide it makes the game get
ridiculously easy
I think you can just keep growing until
you are like the size of my screen or
larger
especially if you get the longer
my worms actually shorter
it's ridiculous where to see is how high
of a combo it gets and then I'm gonna
quit
Nuala Oh see a big of dirt rocks in a
well this has been epic works too